what I like the most about being a Navy
diver is just the freedom and just being
able to float and move around in the
water so easily and just being able to
see everything there is to see
I'm chief petty officer Rebecca Jones
and I'm a navy diver
we have the capabilities of doing a wide
array of different jobs from working
underwater on a ship or doing salvage
work recovering any asset that has been
lost in the water or recovering after a
storm or doing humanitarian aid at a
moment's notice we can be ready to
deploy and do whatever recovery or
whatever job that we're told to do to
work on the recovery for Hurricane
Katrina was quite an experience we drove
through there and from from the coast to
a mile inland it was gone
complete destruction I've never seen
anything like that and just to be able
to be down there and help with the
recovery was a great feeling I'm so in
the cool equipment that I get to use
this Navy diver range from scuba we also
use surface supplied diving apparatus
that's the big yellow helmet with a
biblical that goes to the surface that
provides air communications so we can
talk back and forth and if we're diving
in cold water it even provides hot water
to the diver other apparatus that we use
are specifically for seals which are
which is the mark 25 which is a
rebreather so there's no bubbles so it's
super stealthy if you want to become a
Navy diver you would go visit your Navy
recruiter let them know I want to be a
navy diver and they would let you know
that you need to pass the physical
screening test the PST how you can
prepare to become a navy diver is to
start working out run swim do push-ups
do sit-ups do pull-ups get physically
ready because that's one of the most
demanding parts of dive school is the
physical part of it women do it
actually the same thing that the men do
where there's no special standard for a
woman so after you pass the PST test you
will go to Great Lakes and go to boot
camp after boot camp you'll go to a Navy
diver prep course for 32 days and once
you graduate that prep course
you'll then go to Panama City Florida
and go through second-class dive school
after you graduate second-class dive
school you can go to a command where you
do ship's husbandry which is working on
ships in the water and ship repair you
go to a salvage command you can go to an
EOD command which is explosive ordnance
disposal command and support aod you go
to a Naval Special Warfare command where
you'll support the SEALs so many the
other training that you can receive as a
Navy diver ranges from being able to
jump out of an airplane to do
parachuting being able to work with
explosives in the water and out of the
water
being able to handle a weapon as a Navy
diver you there's so many different
commands that you can go to all over the
world
you go from Guam Hawaii Japan Florida
Virginia California Washington there's
just so many places and so many choices
as a Navy diver what makes a good Navy
diver someone who is loyal someone who's
committed someone who is part of the
team and wants to be a team player
diving is a very dangerous job you have
to be able to understand physics and
diving medicine and how the ocean and
pressure affects a human body the job is
very demanding whether you're moving a
giant patch to a ship two weighs
hundreds of pounds in the water or if
you're swimming the entire length of an
aircraft carrier while you're
active-duty the Navy will provide
tuition assistance so that you can take
college courses also the travel I
personally have traveled all over the
world several times and seen
so many countries I couldn't even list
them all how have I changed as a person
so I became a Navy diver I'm stronger
I'm more confident and I know there's
nothing that I can't do you wanted to
become a Navy diver
go for it it's the best job in the world
I hope this webcast was informative and
if you want to learn more about being a
Navy diver visit our Facebook page or go
to Navy calm